pine64-pinephonepro: Init (#535)
NixOS/mobile-nixos: devices/pine64-pinephonepro/README.adoc

= Pine64 PinePhone Pro
include::_support/common.inc[]

== Device-specific notes

=== Platform Firmware

> It is recommended to link:https://tow-boot.org/devices/pine64-pinephonePro.html[install Tow-Boot to SPI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only *supported* platform firmware configuration is to link:https://tow-boot.org/devices/pine64-pinephonePro.html[install Tow-Boot to SPI].
```

Let's make it obvious it is not only recommended, but the only supported method.
